 The following is a profile of the respondents

 Lives with his wife. Works in sales for a manufacturing company. I telework once or twice a week, and the rest of the time I come to work or go to my business partners. I like to watch dramas and movies on "Netflix" and "Amazon Prime Video. (QUESTION: What kind of things do you like?) I often watch foreign dramas, but I don't have a specific genre in mind. I watch limited distribution ones that can only be seen on there distribution.

 The following text is an interview regarding "Understanding the actual situation of JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS users.

(Questioner: Do you like candy or candies?) Respondent: I like them and eat quite a lot. (Questioner: How often do you eat them?) Respondent: About once a week I buy a bag or a pack of 10 individual pieces, I don't know how many I eat a day, well, 5-6 pieces, and I also eat "FRISK" and other tablets. I eat quite a bit on the days I buy them, but I eat about 5 of them. (QUESTION: Do you buy a bag a week and eat it until it's gone?) Respondent: Yes. I eat them until they run out. (QUESTION: When you run out, do you buy a new bag?) Ans: Yes. (QUESTION: When do you eat the candy?) Respondent: Most often at work. I don't really have a set schedule, but I do have a drink while I'm working. I am not very good at working without doing anything. I drink something, or eat some kind of soft drink such as tablets, candies, or gummies. (QUESTION: Do you drink or eat while you work?) Yes, I do. (QUESTION: Do you work by drinking or eating? (QUESTION: Do you drink or eat?) Yes. (QUESTION: Candy or tablet?) ANSWER: Both. (QUESTION: Mostly at work?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Do you separate the tablets or gummies from the candy?) Answerer: "FRISK" type is so refreshing and cool that I eat it when I don't feel like getting laid or when I have to shuck it. I have a preference for candy, and the taste is important to me. I eat it (the candy) during working hours, such as right after going to the office when I didn't eat much breakfast, or when I feel hungry at 3-4 pm. There is a little taste and a feeling of being filled up. (Questioner: Do you incorporate candy to fill your stomach?) Respondent: Yes, I do. I talk a lot in my job, so I often eat candy to protect my throat or to moisten it. (Question: What kind of candy do you like?) Respondent: I choose throat lozenges based on their effectiveness. It often gets quite dry when I am indoors. I also choose "PINEAPPLE CANDY" or something that I just like the taste of. I tend to choose throat lozenges more often. (Questioner: Do you choose throat lozenges based on effectiveness rather than taste alone?) Answerer: Yes, but there are throat lozenges that I personally like the taste of. (Questioner: What flavors do you like?) Ans: I often eat the "RYUKAKUSAN" type with a herbal or bitter taste, or simply fruit-based ones such as "VC-3000". (Questioner: "RYUKAKUSAN" and "VC-3000?") Respondent: Yes. (Questioner: Is there anything else you like as a flavor besides "PINEAPPLE CANDY?") Answerer: I eat juice-type candies like "MITSUYA CIDER" and "CALPICO". I eat them myself, and I also eat them a little bit because they are easy to share with my colleagues at work. (Questioner: Do you also share?) Respondent: Nods (Question: Where do you store the candy?) Respondent: I have one at home for myself for when I'm at home, and I also have a personal candy jar at work with chocolate in it, which I give to other people. (QUESTION: Is it a little communicative?) ANSWER: Yes. It's not a variety pack, but I keep it on my desk personally. (QUESTION: Where do you keep it at home?) Respondent:I keep it on my desk where I work and look at my smart phone in a room like a workspace. (QUESTION: Do you share it with your family or for yourself?) Respondent: I don't mind if my family eats it separately, but I eat most of it myself. (Question: Where do you buy candy and candies?) Respondent: Convenience stores most often, but there are also drugstores nearby (to buy). Drugstores have a better variety of throat lozenges. I also buy them at supermarkets. (Question: Why do you buy them at convenience stores?) Ans: New products come out frequently, so I definitely buy them. If I have never seen it before, or if a new product is labeled NEW at the store, I often buy it, including gummy bears.
(Questioner: Are you interested in new products of any kind of snacks?) Respondent: Yes, there are quite a few products that are sold out once and are no longer on sale, so I often use convenience stores because I want to try them once, although they are probably available at larger supermarkets. (Questioner: What do you emphasize when buying candies and lozenges?) Ans: The effectiveness (of the product). RYUKAKUSAN" has pictures of herbs and other things on it, and it looks good for the throat. I don't think so these days, though, because I eat it all the time. I am not thinking about it these days, because I always eat it, but I am thinking of taking something else, such as something with lactobacillus acidophilus in it, because there are many drugstores that claim such things. I'm thinking of buying it because it's getting colder these days and I want to moisten my throat. (Questioner: "What is the best way to make a drink? (Question: Is it good to have something extra such as lactobacillus acidophilus without limiting the effect on the throat?) Respondent: There are also lozenges, tablets and gums to prevent cavities, and "xylitol" is typical, but I am interested in lozenges that have some other kind of care in addition to the lozenges. (Questioner: Is that what attracts you?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Does it attract your attention when it says that on the package?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: If it is written clearly on the package, I will pick it up. （What do you care most about on the package?) Respondent: The overall atmosphere. The package looks healthy and good for the body. RYUKAKUSAN" is obviously good for the throat. It looks old-fashioned and effective. The taste of "Lemon" and "VC-3000" are yellow. Such easy-to-understand packages make it easier to assume the taste. I will pick up a package that I think I will like. (Questioner: "VC-3000", "RYUKAKUSAN Sukiri throat lozenge", "Fruit throat lozenge", "Mint NODOKUROAME", "Dark blueberry", "SUPER MENTOL", "XYLYCRYSTAL", "JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS", "PINEAPPLE CANDY" and "NODOKUROPS" were presented) (QUESTION: Is there anything you don't know?) Answerer: No. It's okay. (Questioner: Have you ever eaten any?) Respondent: I have eaten some. (QUESTION: Did you divide them into groups of four?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: What about the groups of "VC-3000" and "RYUKAKUSAN Sukkiri throat lozenges"?) Respondent: Completely standard throat lozenges (QUESTION: What about the "FRUITS COUGH DROPS", "CLEAR MINT COUGH DROPS", and "DARK BLUEBERRIES group"?) Answerer: I like the flavors. (Questioner: "SUPER MENTOL", "XYLYCRYSTAL", "JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS" group?) Respondent: Throat plus other health. Not Tokuho, but Tokuho type or functional type. (Questioner: What are the groups of "PINEAPPLE CANDY" and "NODOKUROAME"?) Respondent: It's like enjoying the taste, but only thinking about the flavor. (Questioner: Which group do you choose the most?) Respondent: The standard type and the functional type. The ones I have been eating for a long time are the standard ones, but I feel like they have become regular since the functional ones started coming out. I used to eat Lotte's KARIN COUGH DROPS since I was a small child. (Questioner: Have functional lozenges appeared more recently and have they become more frequent?) Ans: Yes. I think these functional products have appeared in the last few years. I feel like I'm breaking into it. (QUESTION: Are there slightly more functional types these days?) Respondent: I would say about 50-50, or maybe a little more functional. (QUESTION: Why do you think there are more functional types?) Answerer: This one seems to be better for the season and the symptoms I am concerned about. I think menthol would be good for pollen season, and I think "XYLYCRYSTAL" and "Hakka throat lozenges" function like tooth decay and improving the oral environment of the mouth. I am always aware of cavities, but I choose to eat them when I want to.
(QUESTION: Are "XYLYCRYSTAL" and "Hackberry Throat Lozenges" for dental health?) Answerer: Teeth, or bad breath, or what we call halitosis etiquette. (Questioner: Difference in feelings when eating standard type and functional type?) Respondent: With standard throat lozenges, I no longer want to deal with my throat. It makes me parched. I've been having more online meetings lately for work, and I feel like I'm using my throat more than in person. When I just want to take care of my throat, I choose a standard one.
(Questioner: Does the standard type seem more effective in protecting my throat?) Ans: Seems expensive or reassuring...well, maybe expensive. I think I'm pinpointing care to the throat.
(QUESTION: Is it something that is pinpointed to the throat?) Ans: Yes. The functional system is throat lozenges, but I'm actually choosing to focus on that function.
(QUESTION: You mean the features you are adding?) Respondent: Yes. That may not actually be the main focus, but we are choosing that feature. (QUESTION: The group that likes flavors and the group that enjoys tastes seem similar, what is the difference?) Respondent: The group that likes flavors (group) is similar to the throat plus health (functional) group, but it is a throat lozenge, but there are variations in flavor. I like fruit and mint flavors, so it would be nice to have a little flavor and take care of my throat. But blueberry is a little different. It's a little too flavorful and functional, even though it's supposed to be for throat plus health. (QUESTION: Do you like the flavor, Throat Plus Flavor or Throat Plus Health Plus Flavor?) Ans: Blueberry is the eyes, or maybe I'm just a little bit misplaced in the category. (Questioner: Throat Plus Flavor or Throat Plus Health Plus Flavor?) Ans: Throat plus flavor, when you want to focus on flavor. (QUESTION: You want to focus on flavor?) Respondent: Yes. I want to taste a little. I want to eat candy, but I also want to take care of my throat. I want to take care of my eyes with blueberry. (QUESTION: Are you in a place where blueberries only come close to throat plus health?) Respondent: Yes. (Question: When do you want to take care of your eyes with blueberries? (QUESTION: At what point do you tend to go for something that you like the flavor of or enjoy the taste of?) Respondent: I also like to reset after eating oily food, but if I have to talk a lot afterwards, it would be nice if I could take care of my throat a little. I eat (candy) after a meal, and then go straight to work while lollygagging. (QUESTION: Is that the flavored kind?) Ans: Yes. After meals, I tend to have flavored ones. (QUESTION: When is the throat plus health functional system?) Respondent: When there is a health condition that I am concerned about. (QUESTION: When there is a health condition that you are concerned about. It's not so much the mood of the day, but rather the fact that if I don't keep up with these things, I'm a little bit screwed.
(QUESTION: Is it something that lasts and has an effect?) Ans: That's how I feel. I concentrate on menthol during the pollen season, but the "XYLYCRYSTAL" and "Hackberry" ones are the parts I'm always on the lookout for (eat). (QUESTION: Is it basically "XYLYCRYSTAL" and "Hakka throat lozenges" and the flavors come in when you eat?) Answerer: That's how it is. (QUESTION: Is there any difference between "XYLYCRYSTAL" and "Hakka throat lozenges"?) Ans: "XYLYCRYSTAL" has an image of not causing cavities. It is similar to the gum in "XYLYCRYSTAL." The "Hakka" one regulates the environment of the mouth. It is a little bit similar to tooth decay, but has the image of improving bad breath and the condition of the gums. (Questioner: Which is closer to what you want?) Respondent: "Hacca throat lozenges. (Questioner: When do you eat the group that you enjoy the taste of?) Respondent: I sometimes buy it when I simply want to eat it; rather than buying it once and eating it all, I always eat other throat lozenges and sometimes add it as an accent to them. It's like a snack. (Questioner: Snack type?) Answerer: Yes. (QUESTION: Sometimes you want to eat it, but under certain circumstances, less than throat lozenges?) Respondent: Yes. I eat a lot of throat lozenges. (QUESTION: Is it less than throat lozenges? (QUESTION: Is it SUPER MENTOL for pollen allergies?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Don't you buy the standard throat lozenges then?) Respondent: I do. I don't really stick to "SUPER MENTOL" (and stick to it) all the time. (QUESTION: When it comes to throat and pollen, do you also eat the standard ones or Throat Plus Health?) Ans: Yes. Sometimes I go out, so I often eat menthol, including when I come home and while I am out, but when I am home and spend a lot of time indoors, I also eat standard throat lozenges. Menthol has a strong menthol sensation, and after I feel refreshed once, I want to mellow out the taste a bit, since there is also the sweetness of the standard ones in between.
(QUESTION: Would SUPER MENTOL alone be a bit harsh?) Ans: Yes. (QUESTION: Does "Super Menthol" alone make it taste a little harsh? After eating (menthol) once, change to regular throat lozenges or flavored ones next time. (Questioner: Is there a difference in taste between regular throat lozenges and functional types, or are you judging by the packaging?) Ans: I like the package or the taste. I've been eating the standard ones for a long time and I like the taste of all of them. The taste is a prerequisite.
(Questioner: Are there occasions when you want to eat throat lozenges, and now you are slightly more attracted to those with plus health functions?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Do you mean that there is a difference between "SUPER MENTOL" for pollen, "XYLYCRYSTAL" closer to cavities, and "JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS" for bad breath and gums?) Respondent: Yes. They match. (QUESTION: When did you first buy "JAPANESE HAKKA COUGKA CROPS"?) Ans: Around Golden Week, and I think it was around that time when it went on sale. it was around April or May, and I ate it because it was in the new season, or when the season changed. (Questioner: Where did you find it?) Respondent: It was a new product at a convenience store, and I bought it.
(Question: How many times have you bought it since the first time?) Respondent: I buy it once a month, so about four or five times. (QUESTION: Why did you buy JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS for the first time?) Respondent: I was curious about it because I thought that the ingredients in it seemed to suit me and the function I was looking for, not to regulate the oral environment, but something like catechin something, which I think was also in other green teas. I quite like the hackberry type candies. There is also oil from Kitami, Hokkaido (Hakka candy), which I like a lot because it is refreshing and sweet. I thought that type of taste would be good, and I thought it would suit me. (QUESTION: Is it a function that you are looking for, that the taste is clean and refreshing, and that it also regulates the oral environment, which you also like?) Respondent: Yes. I thought that was a good feature. (Questioner: What did you think of the packaging?) Respondent: It was a package with a Japanese taste, as it said "Japanese kind. The font is also very Japanese and distinctive, a bit like "RYUKAKUSAN," and it has a medicinal effect in a good way. It was greenish because of the name "Hakka," so it was easy to imagine it.
(Questioner: Was it close to the image of "RYUKAKUSAN"?) Ans: Yes, it is. RYUKAKUSAN" also contains several kinds of herbs, but it is a little more modern in that way. (Questioner: Is the modernity a good thing?) Answerer: Totally very good. It definitely has an atmosphere that makes you want to buy it. (Questioner: How did you think it was different compared to other minty types?) Respondent: The "Japanese kind" is like a medicinal herb. It is in the category of Lotte's "KARIN COUGH DROPS" or "RYUKAKUSAN POWDER" ("RYUKAKUSAN NO THROAT Lozenges Herb Powder in Type"). (Questioner: Was the "Japanese kind" going to lead there?) Answerer: Yes. (Questioner: How was it when you tried it?) Respondent: The image is rather cool and refreshing. The hackberry itself is highly refreshing, but it tastes like a throat-clearing drink. Since it contained mouth-enriching characteristics, I had the impression that it was similar to that kind of toothpaste, though not to the feeling of rinsing with Mondamine or Listerine, but I could taste the hackberry character as a flavor. So delicious...(nods head) Yes, it is delicious. I thought it would be good when I wanted to refresh myself for a change. (Questioner: How does it compare to "FRISK" etc.?) Ans: Not as cool as "SUPER MENTOL," but a little higher than the CLEAR MINT COUGH DROPS in the blue package. It's somewhere in between, and I thought the balance was certainly good. (Questioner: You thought it was a good balance?) Respondent: Yes.
(QUESTION: Because "SUPER MENTOL" is a little hard to eat continuously?) Answerer: My hay fever is not severe, so I would eat one or two pieces and then try something different, but if I buy JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS, I would be able to continue eating them to some extent. It doesn't seem to be limited in time.
(Questioner: Would it be easy to put it in regular?) Ans: Yes. It is likely to become a regular, standard throat lozenge. It is sold less and less at the stores I go to, but if it were available, it would become a regular item, just like "RYUKAKUSAN" and "VC3000". (Question: How does it taste compared to "RYUKAKUSAN"?) Ans: The "RYUKAKUSAN" has a bitter taste, but the candy has a sweetness, and if you eat it continuously, it makes your mouth feel sweet. The "Wagatsuse" is different in that it does not have such a feeling and has a refreshing aftertaste. It is good because there are times when I want to eat something like that. (Questioner: At what kind of times do you want to eat something continuously refreshing, is there anything in particular that you have in mind?) Respondent: It really feels like a standard throat lozenge. If I drink a lot of coffee, tea, or tea, it leaves a coffee feeling in my mouth, but (it seems to clear that kind of thing up). RYUKAKUSAN" is labeled as "throat-clearing," but I don't feel that it clears my mouth. The "Wagaku" one resets your mouth once, which is good when you have a drink with it. (QUESTION: What was your impression of the lick?) Respondent: Nothing (not impressive). Well, I don't feel it is particularly difficult or easy to eat. Like other candies, I don't really care about that. （Question: Why do you keep buying them?) Respondent: The feeling of having a clean mouth with a peppermint type candy, which is also found in other throat lozenges, suits me well. The "Wagane" ones rank high because of that. And since the function of the lozenges is to maintain good oral etiquette, I feel that the lozenges are a double win for me overall. (Questioner: Do you also care about bad breath as an etiquette?) Ans: Well, yes. I can't tell if it actually smells unless I ask, but I can tell after a meal. I wear a mask, so it's even more concentrated and I can smell it myself. (Questioner: Are there any other occasions when you are concerned about eating a little?) Respondent: I like to eat and drink a variety of foods, so I brush my teeth, but I think to myself that's not enough. If my mouth is in good condition with what I eat, plus I take care of my teeth with toothpaste, etc., I wonder if it would be an etiquette that makes me feel like I don't have to worry about cavities or fresh people. (QUESTION: Is it mainly after eating that it bothers you?) Answerer: Yes. (QUESTION: Would "JAPANESE HAKKA" also come in as a care?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Do you do anything else for bad breath etiquette?) Answerer: "Clear mint" or fruit throat lozenges, the taste of which can be felt in the mouth. It tastes and smells like fruit rather than the smell of greasy food (QUESTION: Do you like it?) Respondent: I sometimes eat those because I feel myself reset, whether it is effective or not.
(Questioner: Throat lozenges don't reset you?) Answerer: Throat lozenges feel like a throat. RYUKAKUSAN" is for the throat. I feel refreshed at first, but the sweet aftertaste bothers me a lot. I like "RYUKAKUSAN" because I like herbs, but "RYUKAKUSAN" has a sticky feeling. I don't feel that with other candies. (QUESTION: Does the sooey cool feeling refresh the mouth?) Ans: Yes. (Question: Does the cool sensation refresh the mouth?) Answer: Yes, or if it has a refreshing taste like a fruit flavor, it will make you feel like you are reset once.
(Questioner: As a bad breath etiquette, is there any distinction between fruit-type throat lozenges and "JAPANESE HAKKA COUGKA CROPS"?) Ans: Not particularly. Recently, I have been eating a lot of the Japanese kind because I think they are good for mouth aetiquette, but there are only a limited number of places that sell them. The ones that are easy to buy are the fruit ones, so I tend to reach for those. (Questioner: Do you buy them with the price in mind?) Ans: I wonder how much they cost.... It was something like 200 yen for a separate bag, so I don't pay that much attention to it. (Questioner: Presented image and PKG of "JAPANESE HAKKA COUGKA CROPS") (Questioner: What first caught your interest?) Respondent: "Maintaining a good oral environment" stood out to me and I thought it was a good idea. (QUESTION: What else?) Respondent: "Hackberry" and I thought it was good because I like hackberry. I don't understand "100% JAPANESE HAKKA" but it looks good. （Respondent: It looks good.) Respondent: The effect looks good. It looks good for the body. It looks like it doesn't contain any additives, in fact, it is candy, so it probably does, but it gives the image of a candy made with good ingredients. (Questioner: Do you have a different impression of mint or menthol than you do of hookah?) Ans: It has a bit of a subtle sweetness. Once you get the minty perk (sensation), but you can also feel a little sweetness. Menthol would be sweet because it is a candy, but after the cool sensation, there is a slightly bitter but not unpleasant... not unpleasant, but a bit like the aftertaste of FRISK. It is completely menthol. Hackberry is bitter, but it can be perceived as bitter-sweet. (QUESTION: Do you prefer that one?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Is it different from mint?) Answerer: I don't know... I think it's similar to mint, but that's because there are a lot of sweets that claim to be minty, but not so many that are hackneyed, so I'm not sure... (QUESTION: Does hackberry seem more unusual to you?) Respondent: I don't know if it's rare, I mean, there are probably a lot of things in itself, but there aren't that many that claim to be hackberry candy. I don't know how it differs from mint. (QUESTION: Does the rarity of the hackberry lead to interest?) Answerer: Yes. The one from Kitami's Hacca can be applied to wounds and such to heal the skin. The oil is good for sunburn and so on. It has an image of such medicinal herbs. Mint tastes the same, but has an image of taste, flavor, and fragrance. (Questioner: Was there anything else attractive about the packaging?) Respondent: At a quick glance, I didn't really care for it, but the "clean mouth" effect is good because it is the aftertaste I am looking for as well. (QUESTION: Was it not very noticeable at first?) Respondent: I had the image that that's what hackles are for, so I didn't pay much attention to it. It is good because it is indeed refreshing when you actually try it. (Questioner: Where do you sense its modernity?) Ans: The Japanese style. The hexagonal design and the label that looks like it's on an old medicine are very modern. It has a retro-modern feel. (Questioner: Is that about it?) Answerer: That's about it. (QUESTION: Would you like to keep buying them if they were in the store in the future?) Answerer: Yes. (Question:Would you like to continue to buy it?) Answer: Yes.
（Respondent: Would you like to keep buying it?) Respondent: I would like to continue to buy it, but it is not easy (to buy). I can buy them if I order them online, but they come in packs of three or so. I want to eat a variety of candies and gummies, so it would be nice to be able to comfortably buy individual pieces. (Questioner: Is there anything that has decreased since you started eating "JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS"?) Answerer: "XYLYCRYSTAL" or something like that I have decreased, not that I was eating it very much, but because I personally prefer the Japanese kind. (QUESTION: Do you feel like you eat less of the same group?) Respondent: Yes. There may be a little (sense of decrease). (QUESTION: Is it year-round or is there a particular season that you want to continue to eat?) Respondent: All year round. I want to eat it all year round. (Asked to try "JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS") (QUESTION: What is your impression?) Respondent: It has a moderate aroma and taste of Hakka, and is bitter-sweet. (Questioner: Does the bitter-sweetness lead to a herbal feeling?) Respondent: That's how I feel about Hakka. (QUESTION: Does the "Mouth Clean" taste refreshing, which I didn't pay attention to when I first saw the package, but it fits. (Questioner: How about the cool or sudsy feeling?) Respondent: Just (fine). A little weak if you want something with a very sudsy feeling. It is a little weak compared to something like SUPER MENTOL, but it has a nice cool feeling.
(Questioner: If you want to eat it on a daily basis, is it as good as this?) Ans: Yes. (QUESTION: How is the texture on the tongue?) Respondent: Good. I didn't pay much attention to it. Other candies have a smooth (surface) but sharp corners. This one is good because it has a wave or a pattern, so you can lick the candy to cleanse your mouth in a good way. (Questioner: Present the concept of JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS → Moderator reads out (paper also presented on screen)) (Questioner: Does the concept fit the product?) Respondent: It fits. JAPANESE HAKKA 100%" sounds good, but I wonder what it is. It fits as a description, but it is a little hard to understand the details, whether you think it is ordinary Hakka or not, which is a thing because there are no Hakka-based candies in circulation. (QUESTION: Do you think of it as a Japanese thing when you think of hackberry?) Ans: Yes. (Questioner: I have the image that most of it can be obtained in Japan. (QUESTION: What about the others?) Respondent: The middle one is right. The package says that it "reduces the formation of plaque," which is correct, but that (is) more important. Tartar is what ruins teeth the most and causes cavities. Eating candy and sweets causes tartar to build up, so if it can suppress tartar, it would be a good feature, so it would be better to have that part in the package.  (Questioner: Do you care about "functional foods?") Ans: I think it would be good. I don't know much about whether it is less effective than Tokuho, but it is better to have it than not. (QUESTION: Is the bottom as you said earlier?) Respondent: Yes. Ending.