 The following is a profile of the respondents

 I am in education and work as a school teacher. He lives at home with his parents, grandmother, sister, and a family of five. Nerima Ward, Tokyo. On his days off, he spends most of his time at home these days, watching videos on the Internet. Before Corona, he used to travel and do things like that.

 The following text is an interview about "Understanding the actual condition of JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS users".

 (Questioner: How much do you eat candies?) Respondent: 4-5 times a week. On weekdays, I usually eat it about once a day. (Questioner: When do you eat it?) Respondent: During breaks at work, and also while traveling. (QUESTION: Do you travel by train or by car?) Respondent: I am a school teacher, and I teach at a cram school in the evening or at night. I ride my bicycle or take the train to school, during which time I often chew gum or eat candy. (QUESTION: During transportation or between classes?) Respondent: Yes, I do. (QUESTION: What kind of mood do you eat candy or gum?) Respondent: One is to moisten my throat. I use my voice in class, and since my throat is weak, I often buy throat lozenges and lick them to moisten and take care of it. (QUESTION: When you use your throat, do you take care of it a little bit by buying throat lozenges?) Answerer: Yes, I do. I also buy lozenges when I feel my throat is irritated, especially in winter. （Q: You don't lick it every time between classes, do you?) Answerer: Not between classes, but between work and work. I don't eat between classes because the time between classes is too short to eat. (QUESTION: In between finishing one job and going to another?) Respondent: Yes. I also lick it on the way home from work, or when I finish and I feel that my throat is dry and withered today, I take care of it by licking it. (Question: What else makes you want to lick candy?) Respondent: I think I lick them because I feel like I miss my mouth. When I am at home, on the computer or doing homework, I reach for a piece of candy and lick it. (Question: Do you use candy in these situations and gum in others?) Ans: I often lick lozenges, so when I have a sore throat, I use lozenges. (QUESTION: At what kind of times do you use gum?) Ans: When I want to feel refreshed because gum is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good. (Question: What kind of candy do you like/what brand do you buy most often?) Ans: I buy RYUKAKUSAN throat lozenges the most. I also often buy quince throat lozenges. I like the herbal, herbal medicine-like taste, and I think it seems to be effective. (Question: You like the taste and it seems to work?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Almost like those two?) Ans: I think so. I also often buy VC-3000 throat lozenges and black lozenges. (QUESTION: Black throat lozenges or regular black lozenges?) Ans: Regular black lozenges. I have also bought throat black lozenges, but I am in the mood. (QUESTION: Do you want something sweet?) Answerer: Yes, black candies. My grandmother likes it and sometimes I borrow it and sometimes I like it too, so I sometimes buy black candies and eat them. (Question: Do you buy it at supermarkets or convenience stores?) Ans: I think supermarkets are the most common. (Question: Why do you buy it?) Respondent: Because it is a novelty. （Respondent: Because of the novelty of the product.) Respondent: Then they pick it up. And then there is the taste. I don't want to buy too much sweet candy anymore. I tend to choose herbal or menthol type candies that seem refreshing rather than milk or honey candies that seem sweet. (Questioner: Would you be interested if it says "refreshing" or "menthol" as a flavor description?) Respondent: Yes, I do. (Questioner: Do you tend to be interested if the taste is described as refreshing or mentholated? (QUESTION: Other than the words, what other factors make you associate this candy with something you might like?) Respondent: I think I would like it better if there were pictures of fruits or herbs in the package. (Questioner: Do you buy fruit candies relatively often?) Answerer: KARIN COUGH DROPS. If it's lemon-based, it has a picture of a lemon on it. (QUESTION: I presented "VC-3000," "RYUKAKUSAN Sukiri throat lozenges," "Fruit throat lozenges," "CLEAR MINT COUGH DROPS," "Dark Blueberry," "SUPER MENTOL," "XYLYCRYSTAL," "JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS," "PINEAPPLE CANDY," and "NODOKURYSTAL CROPS.) (QUESTION: What about FRUITS COUGH DROPS, PINEAPPLE CANDY, and DARK BLUEBERRIES groups?) Respondent: Fruit-flavored candy. (Questioner: VC split from there, what is the difference there?) Answerer: Fruit candies have a sweet image. This (VC?) tastes like lemon, so it is a different category of lemon candy. Lemon is sour. (QUESTION: If it is a KARIN COUGH DROPS, is it the same as VC?) Ans: KARIN COUGH DROPS is the same as RYUKAKUSAN. (QUESTION: What are the groups of RYUKAKUSAN throat lozenges and Nodoguro lozenges?) Ans: It's not so much the taste, but more like something old people have had for a long time. It is a standard type of candy. It's hard to categorize them into this group of flavors, so I just call them "standard". (Questioner: Is "standard" a standard for you as well?) Ans: RYUKAKUSAN is a standard. I feel that I buy KARIN COUGH DROPS and RYUKAKUSAN throat lozenges often to some extent. (Questioner: Because you said you like black candies too?) Respondent: Yes. (Questioner: What about XYLYCRYSTAL, SUPER MENTOL throat lozenges, HACCA throat lozenges, and the group of delicious CLEAR MINT COUGH DROPS?) Respondent:Soothing menthol lozenges. (Questioner: Have you guys had any of these?) Respondent: Yes. (Questioner: Are all four in the exact same category?) Ans: I think they can be divided among them, but XYLYCRYSTAL contains milk flavor, so this is a mellow type. It has a strong sweet taste. (QUESTION: Are the other three in the same category?) Answerer: I imagine it is like a refreshing type. (Questioner: Is the one you eat soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo refreshing or lemon flavor is where you eat it except for the standard one?) Respondent: Yes. (Questioner: Do you eat XYLYCRYSTAL often?) Respondent: I used to eat them a lot, but not so much these days. (QUESTION: Is that a reflection of the fact that you said you don't eat sweets anymore?) Respondent: I think so. (Questioner: What about the category of fruit flavored candies?) Respondent: I don't even eat fruit flavored lozenges that much. I might buy FRUITS COUGH DROPS once in a while and lick them. I think I have some FRUITS COUGH DROPS at home, so I might eat them once in a while because I haven't had them in a while. (Question: When and why did you buy it?) Ans: June or July, I think it was summer. I think I bought it because I happened to find it at a drugstore and decided to buy it because it was a new one. (Questioner: You said you picked up the new one, what part of it did you think was new?) Respondent: The packaging, which I don't usually see. (QUESTION: You don't buy everything just because it's new, do you?) Respondent: Not so much the candy. I bought this one because it looked beautiful. (Questioner: What was beautiful?) Respondent: The color. Emerald green. (Question: What other elements did you think would make this a good buy?) Respondent: I thought it would taste good because it's a Hakka throat lozenge, so it would be sooooooo good. (Question: How did it taste when you ate it thinking it would be sooooo good?) Respondent:It was sooooo refreshing and tasty. (Question: Was there anything else that tasted like this?) (Respondent: If it was a very strong menthol one, it would be spicy, but I don't think this one was that spicy. (QUESTION: Was there any other kind of suds? (QUESTION: Did you have the feeling that it tasted like peppermint?) Ans: More of a hackberry taste than the regular menthol ones. It's different from the menthol ones from Sakuma Drops and the menthol ones, but I think it's closer to Sakuma Drops' hackberry lozenges. (QUESTION: Is that a positive image for you, or is that about right?) Answerer: Yes, about. (QUESTION: How long did you lick it off, did you give it to someone else or lick it off yourself?) Respondent: I kept it in my candy jar and it was gone in about a month. (QUESTION: Could someone in your family have eaten it?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Is it usually like that?) Ans: In the winter, I sometimes buy two or three bags a month, but in the summer, I may or may not lick a bag. I also buy the bar type and take it with me, so I lick that to take with me. (QUESTION: Do you usually carry KARIN COUGH DROPS in a bar or RYUKAKUSAN?) Ans: RYUKAKUSAN also has a bar type. (QUESTION: Do you carry that with you when you go out, and is the JAPANESE HAKKA individually wrapped type only for home?) Ans: I eat them at home more often. Sometimes I put them in a small bag and put them in my pocket and eat them on the go. (QUESTION: Even though they are the same type, do you eat the bar type of RYUKAKUSAN or KARIN COUGH DROPS on the train or on the way home from work, or do you buy a bag and take it out from the candy container at home to put it in your mouth while working or using the computer?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Do you replenish it yourself about once a month and keep the rest of the family in there as well?) Respondent: Yes, I do. (QUESTION: You add and add and add, and all sorts of things are mixed in there. (Questioner: Do you put the refreshing type in there yourself?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Do other family members buy what they like and put it in there?) Answerer: I think they buy all kinds of stuff. I think my mother buys them because I feel like there are different candies in there every time rather than the same ones every time. (QUESTION: Was the JAPANESE HAKKA in there this time?) Answerer: Yes, it was. (QUESTION: Did you buy it around June, lick it off, and then buy it after that?) Respondent:I didn't buy it. (Questioner: Did you buy anything after that?) Answerer: MITSUYA CIDER candies and RYUKAKUSAN. (QUESTION: Is RYUKAKUSAN the stuff from the bar?) Ans: KARIN COUGH DROPS if you want to include the bar ones. A bag of RYUKAKUSAN and a bag of MITSUYA CIDER. (QUESTION: I think MITSUYA CIDER is the sweet kind.) Answerer: I think those are the sweet kind, but I bought them during a summer course at a cram school, and I bought them to give to my children as a reward after class, which I also ate. I bought that one because it was mainly for children and that one has a schwishy carbonated thing in it that children enjoy. But MITSUYA CIDER has a rather refreshing sweetness, so rather than the mild sweetness of milk candy, it has carbonated powder and a refreshing lemon flavor, so I sometimes buy it because I don't have such a sweet image of MITSUYA CIDER. (Questioner: How was JAPANESE HAKKA in terms of price?) Ans: I think it was about 200 yen. (Questioner: Expensive or inexpensive?) Respondent: I bought it without paying much attention to the price, so I think it is a new product and doesn't have to be sold separately at a discount. (Questioner: Presented a picture and PKG of JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS) (Questioner: Is the beautiful color the emerald green around here?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: What caught your eye again?) Ans: The first thing that caught my eye was this green, and I think I almost decided on it because it was beautiful, but then I bought it because I thought it must be a menthol type thing, looking at the picture of the huckleberry or something. (Questioner: Taste-wise, is it what you imagined?) Ans: I imagined it to be more like a menthol throat lozenge, but I think it was a little milder, or maybe it was more like a hackberry. (Questioner: Where on the package did you get the stronger sudsy feeling?) Ans: When I saw the picture of the mint leaves, I didn't imagine it tasted that much like Hacker Drops, even though it was called Hacker. I imagined a regular menthol one, so when I actually tried it, I thought it was different. (Questioner: Was it disappointing that it didn't taste as refreshing as I thought it would, or on the other hand, was it just as good as this?) Answerer: I was not disappointed because it was not bad, but it tasted good in general. It was like, "Oh, this is what it tastes like. (Questioner: It was different from what you thought it would be?) Answerer: It's not that kind of a strain as I thought it would be. (QUESTION: What else did you notice at the time?) Ans: I wouldn't go so far as to say it was somehow Japanese style, but the hexagon in the middle and the texture of the background, which is like Japanese paper with a little bit of a mixed paper quality, gave me a sense of Japanese style. (Questioner: What kind of impression does the sense of Japanese style lead to for you?) Respondent:I wasn't that aware of it when I bought it, it's just something, so it doesn't really matter, but I guess I felt that the coloring and the Japanese paper-like feel somehow fit the atmosphere. (Questioner: The atmosphere of the package?) Answerer: The atmosphere like it's nice. (QUESTION: Harmony with the whole thing?) Respondent: I thought it was a nice design. The JAPANESE HAKKA on the bottom left also has an ethnic feel to it, and the overall image is oriental and harmonious. (QUESTION: Did you have an impression of the taste as well?) Answerer: I didn't have an image of it at all. (QUESTION: The design is the design, but the taste is the taste?) Respondent: Yes. (Questioner: Is there a difference between the impressions of Hacca, Mint, and Menthol?) Answerer: Menthol is dry and too cold inside, like hot. When I use muscle pain medicine or air salonpas, it's like it's cold but it feels curt and hot, so that's the image I have. The same is true of the dry toothpaste. Hacca is not as dry as it sounds, but it has the aroma of a poultice. When it is called menthol, it is dry, and when it is called hackberry, it is without the dryness. (QUESTION: Is mint the same?) Ans: Because you're probably making menthol with mint extract. But mint is a little different image. Mint tea or something like that. (Questioner: Mint is associated with food-based products, and menthol is like a soothing ointment paste?) Respondent: Menthol is an extract of mint, so it has a more concentrated image, so it is stronger. Mint is much weaker. (Questioner: Which seems stronger, the hackberry or the mint?) Respondent: Hackberry seems to have a stronger and thicker aroma. (Question: How is the sudsiness?) Respondent: About the same. (Questioner: Did you notice "helps maintain a good oral environment?") Respondent: I didn't look at it consciously. (QUESTION: Did you just now realize it said this for the first time?) Respondent: I thought it was written when I looked at it carefully. (QUESTION: Do you have any idea what "helps maintain a good oral environment" might be good for?) Ans: I think it's like a dental rinse, like Listerine for toothpaste, and I feel that it reduces the increase of bacteria in the mouth. Also, I hear it reduces stickiness in the mouth. (QUESTION: Is it helpful to be told it's that kind of thing in a candy, or is it just a candy even if it's said?) Answerer: But I'm glad. As for me, I eat candy and go to class, so if I want to refresh my mouth or if it helps prevent bad breath, I feel like I can kill two birds with one stone, so I think it's a good idea. (Question: Do you usually pay attention to anything to prevent bad breath?) Respondent: I brush my teeth properly after eating, or I put mint tablets in my mouth before going to class. (QUESTION: FRISK or Minty's?) Respondent: Yes, I do. I make my mouth smell minty before I go. (Question: Same mint, but mint tablets are different from menthol lozenges?) Ans: It's not so much the taste, but the size of the tablet. If it's right before work, I can eat one mint tablet right away, and if I have some time to relax, I can lick a candy. The mint tablets seem to have less sugar. The candy also satisfies my craving for something sweet, so I use them differently. (Questioner: Do you distinguish situations in which you eat candy depending on the difference in the suessful feeling?) Respondent: When I drive, I eat a black Mintia or black gum. (Questioner: Do you go for black type mintia or black gum instead of candy?) Answerer: Yes, I do. I feel like that. If it's a very strong candy, it's hard to eat it when I'm not driving, or I wouldn't want to eat it, so I think it's a waste. (Questioner: Because you won't finish it in one or two grains?) Respondent: If I leave a bag of candy or something like that in the car, it gets bulky, and I don't like it when it's the bar type because it gets sticky, so I buy one that is less likely to get that way. (Questioner: JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS, isn't this for throat care afterwards?) Answerer: It is a normal throat lozenge, so I guess you can use it for that, but I think I lick RYUKAKUSAN or KARIN COUGH DROPS just because that is what I usually use. (Questioner: Maybe it's the shape, you mentioned that you carry the bar type but not the large bag, but if JAPANESE HAKKA were in bar form, would you carry it with you?) Respondent: I have an image that RYUKAKUSAN and KARIN COUGH DROPS have been effective for some reason, so I have decided to use those for my throat as a standard to some extent. (Questioner: RYUKAKUSAN for throat care?) Respondent: I buy something different for a change. (Question: Does it have to be throat lozenges?) Respondent: It doesn't have to be throat lozenges, but I like throat lozenges because they are often more soothing. (Questioner: Is it in the kind you buy mainly for mood swings as a purpose?) Respondent: Yes, I do. (Questioner: Would you like to buy this product in the future?) Respondent: I might buy it if I feel like it, or something like that. (Questioner: Is there a standard type of candy in a bag that you often buy?) Ans: RYUKAKUSAN. Kuroame (black candy). I also buy MITSUYA CIDER every now and then. (QUESTION: Is it 123 in that order?) Answerer: Yes, I do. (QUESTION: How is JAPANESE HAKKA positioned compared to those things?) Answerer: Other than the three I just mentioned, they are all side by side, all equally different from the standard ones, so I don't care which one I buy if I'm just changing my mind. (QUESTION: What do you think is the reason why JAPANESE HAKKA didn't make it into the rotation that you buy relatively often, even though you ate it only once and had the vibe that it wasn't bad?) Ans: I've only bought it once, so I'm not familiar with it yet. If I become familiar with it and find it tastes better than the others, I will probably buy it more often, but for now, I usually buy RYUKAKUSAN for my throat because I think it kills two birds with one stone. (Questioner: Did you get the impression from the package plus your own tasting impression that it is so good for the throat?) Ans: I had the impression that it was good for the throat, but RYUKAKUSAN has a stronger medicinal effect because it has a stronger herbal medicine-like taste. (Questioner: You don't get that much of a medicinal feeling from it?) Respondent: It has a nice aroma of peppermint, though. (Questioner: Was there no element that lingered inside you from licking it so much?) Answerer: Yes, it does. It's usually sooooo good, it's just sooo good. (Questioner: You said that in order for it to become a regular item, you would have to buy it a few times to familiarize yourself with it and then find it tasty, but I thought that you would have to have a chance to try it a few times to familiarize yourself with it, what would cause you to reach for it again?) Respondent: If it's just the hackberry so much, there are other menthol ones, so it doesn't have the same impact. The Yomeishu throat lozenges had an impact, and I bought them out of curiosity. I was surprised that Yomeishu could be made into throat lozenges. I thought that since it was Yomeishu, it would probably be good for my health. In fact, it tastes more strange than ordinary lozenges, or herbal medicines, or just menthol, but it has a unique taste. (QUESTION: You mean there's nothing tricky about it in that sense?) ANSWER: I think it would be interesting if there were. (QUESTION: Have you bought the Yomei candy a few times?) Answerer: I bought it two or three times, like last winter. (QUESTION: It's not the same as tasty, right?) Respondent: But I think such a strange taste is delicious, so it has an impact and is memorable. I think I'd rather repeat a purchase if it had a rather strong impact. (Questioner: If it's only JAPANESE HAKKA, it won't have that much impact?) Respondent: Yes. (Questioner: Would you like to try JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS?) (QUESTION: What are your impressions?) Respondent: I think it is just as I ate before. It's not that spicy in the mouth so it doesn't hurt or anything. (Questioner: There was one that said "helps maintain a good oral environment." It is a functional food, but when you try it, do you get a renewed sense of its effect on your mouth through the taste?) (Respondent: I don't feel that the menthol one is effective for the throat so much as it is for the nose, so it doesn't seem to be that effective for the throat. (Questioner: What about in the mouth or bad breath?) Respondent: It tastes like toothpaste, so I have an image that it might be effective for the oral environment, but it's candy, so it's sweet, and I don't think I can say that it prevents cavities. But it is sweet and I don't think it will prevent cavities. Also, the menthol in the candy makes my saliva flow more than normal lozenges, so it helps to moisten my throat. I feel that it will improve nasal passages, so in winter, when my nose is stuffed up, I have to breathe through my mouth, which hurts my throat, so if I can pass my nose, I can breathe through my nose, which will naturally reduce the burden on my throat. (Questioner: Is there a scene where you eat for that purpose?) Answerer: I just thought so for the first time here. (Questioner: Presenting the concept of JAPANESE HAKKA COUGH CROPS → moderator reads out (Questioner: Presented on screen even on paper)) (Questioner: How well does the taste match the concept and how strange is it?) Respondent: There is nothing strange about it. I don't really understand that it is a wave-shaped candy. It is round and its surface is rough and corrugated. I somehow had an image of it being flat when I heard the word "corrugated," but I thought it was rounder than I thought it would be. But that doesn't mean that I have an image of "What's this? (Questioner: What is the pattern on the surface? (Questioner: It seems that you call the surface pattern "corrugated," but did your image go toward the actual shape?) Respondent: Yes. (QUESTION: Again, your intention to purchase in the future?) Ans: My nose is quite clear, so when I have a stuffy nose in winter, this kind of menthol-type medicine is better than RYUKAKUSAN. Also, in early spring or around the time of hay fever. （Question: Do you have hay fever?) Answerer: It's not bad, but when pollen is flying around badly, my nose gets a little itchy. Additional question (Questioner: Do you usually eat mint or menthol type candies while you usually eat bag type candies at home?) Answerer: RYUKAKUSAN is also minty. (Questioner: Do you have the opportunity to eat candy that has menthol in it?) Respondent: I sometimes buy the odd one out. (Question: When do you feel like eating minty or mentholated candies?) Ans: I think it is mostly in winter. That's when my throat is dry. When I wake up from sleep, or at night when it's dry and my nose is stuffed up and I breathe through my mouth, my throat sometimes gets dry. When that happens, my throat is dry and I feel like licking something that will make me salivate a lot. (QUESTION: Is that when you choose that instead of RYUKAKUSAN?) Ans: I often take RYUKAKUSAN, but when I have a sore throat, I take RYUKAKUSAN or something a little more expensive. When I feel my throat is dry due to a long dry day, I think I lick the menthol kind. (Questioner: Is this JAPANESE HAKKA the same as the menthol one?) Answerer: Yes. Ending.